docs: Add KB for vertical ButtonGroup (#788)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/buttongroup-vertical.md

---
title: Vertical ButtonGroup
description: How to create a vertical Blazor ButtonGroup with CSS
type: how-to
page_title: Vertical ButtonGroup
slug: buttongroup-kb-vertical
position: 
tags: buttongroup, vertical, button
ticketid: 1554336
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>Product</td>
			<td>ButtonGroup for Blazor</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

## Description

> How to create a vertical ButtonGroup? I want to make the buttons display one below the other.

Author: ```suggestion
How to create a vertical ButtonGroup? What is the best way to make the buttons display one below the other?
```

> How to create a vertical ButtonGroup? What is the best way to make the buttons display one below the other?

Author: ```suggestion
How to create a vertical Button Group? What is the best way to make the buttons display one below the other?
```
